Data collection and extraction program,
or DCEP, is the currently used, nationally-focused,
customer-driven, fact-based independent office
that serves VA by providing reporting, analytic solutions,
data mining tools, and the catalog system to support
the mission of VHA procurement and logistics office or P&LO.
It is supported by a website that allows authorized users
to check and monitor the data that is currently
in the inventory management system
and allows for transparency of data to users.
On this home page, you can go to GIP
data accuracy to view three reports.
These reports can assist in correcting the accuracy
of your inventory management system.
Authorized personnel will be able to view these reports
and make the recommended changes.
Let's walk through an overview of some of those reports.